This is a demo version of TwinBridge Japanese Version 3.2

The following information explains features of the full working version. 

TwinBridge Japanese Version 3.2 -- An Introduction

TwinBridge, developed by PC Express, Inc. is an advanced multilingual interface software for
Microsoft Windows 3.1, Windows for Workgroups, Japanese-Windows, Chinese-Windows and
other language versions of Windows.  It allows Japanese input in Windows applications such as
Access, Excel, PageMaker, WinFax Pro, Word, and WordPerfect, etc.

TwinBridge Japanese System Features

What's New in Version 3.2

TwinBridge version 3.2 is enhanced to provide more supports for the hardware.  It also enhances
the compatibility for Windows software, plus providing extra functions with easy to access tool bar.
Theimprovements and new features are summarized below:

A: Supports all video drivers and display cards.  This includes all Local Buses, Accelerators, and
High/True color cards.

B: Supports all printers under Windows including PostScript<< printers, Laser printers, color
printers and dot matrix printers.  Users need not to select the "Print TrueType as Graphics" option
to print Japanese anymore. This new change increases the speed of printing with LaserJet IV
using 600dpi.

C: TwinBridge acts as an application; it can be closed at anytime without affecting the original
Windows environment.

D:Supports Microsoft Chinese-Windows, Japanese-Windows and European-Windows.
TwinBridge serves as a common platform for Japanese language processing in different Windows
versions.

E:All functions can be performed by mouse, such as changing the internal code from JIS to Shift
JIS or vice versa and applying the bold mapping function (coreless, stereo, reverse display, etc.).

F: Includes a built-in Dictionary Manager.  This utility allows users to customize their Japanese
dictionary and the font database.

G: Includes a Font Meta Utility, which is capable of exporting the Outline data of Japanese
characters into Clipbaord or save to a file in Windows Meta Graphics Format (WMF), then import
them into any graphic software (for the Standard Outline version only).

H: Japanese characters can be displayed as 3D, shadow, inverse video, outline, etc. to enhance
the document appearance.

I: Supports English to Japanese input method.
TwinBridge version 3.2 still maintains all the features and functions from the previous version.

a: Supports 286, 386, 486, or Pentium desktop, laptop and notebook computers.

b: The Japanese internal code used is the JIS Code or Shift JIS code standard.  A Code Converter
utility is available for converting between the Shift JIS Code and the JIS Code.

c: The Japanese input methods include Roma-Kanji, Kana-Kanji, English-Japanese, JIS Code,
Shift JIS Code and the Full size English.  The Roma-Kanji and the Kana-Kanji input methods use
the advanced sentence conversion technology.  The Japanese dictionary contains more than
50,000 words and phrases.

d: The Japanese fonts available are the bitmap fonts and the outline fonts.

e: Allows users to select the automatic space character padding function after each input of a
single Japanese character from the keyboard.  This function can be very useful when using a word
processor or a desktop publishing software that has the automatic text wrapping function.  Also,
this function helps to avoid the problem of displaying only half of a Japanese character in certain
Windows application programs.

f: The Japanese utilities allow users to add new characters, to edit characters, to manage phrases,
to convert Japanese internal codes, to insert or remove space padding, to convert Japanese
characters to the WMF format, and other useful functions.  They allow the TwinBridge Japanese
System to be fine-tuned and personalized to fit users' needs.

g: The TwinBridge Japanese System also provides the DLL interface and sample programs for
software developers to add on additional input methods to the system.

TwinBridge Marketing and Sales Tel: (818)293-1661	Fax:(818)293-1665
TwinBridge Technical Support: (818)293-8183
For any question, please contact:	
	PC Express, INC
	Tech Dept.
	820 S. Garfield Ave. #201
	Alhambra, CA 91801 USA

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Instructions for Unzipping and Installing the TWNBDEMO.ZIP

Unzip TWNBDEMO.ZIP to a 3.5 inch, 1.44 MB floppy disk.
When unzipping the TWNBDEMO.ZIP, use the "/d" switch to automatically create a "setup" subdirectory.

Example (using PKUNZIP):

C:\pkunzip /d C:\a\twnbdemo.zip A:\

Where "a" is the directory which holds the TWNBDEMO.ZIP on the C: drive and "A:\" is the target 
drive to unzip the files to. By using the "/d" switch, the subdirectory labeled "setup" will be 
automatically created. The "setup" subdirectory should contain the following files:

1. TWIN.MST
2. TWIN.INF
3. SETUPAPI.INC
4. MSDETECT.INC
5. _MSTEST.EXE
6. _MSSETUP.EXE
7. VER.DLL
8. MSUILSTF.DLL
9. MSSHLSTF.DLL
10. MSINSSTF.DLL
11. MSDETSTF.DLL
12. MSCUISTF.DLL
13. MSCOMSTF.DLL
 
After unzipping the files to the 1.44MB floppy disk, please run the install program from the Windows Program Manager.

