Quotes for "Understanding Japanese Information Processing"
Version 05/11/95


"'Understanding Japanese Information Processing' is a Rosetta Stone
for those concerned about how Japanese is handled on computer systems. 
It removes the mystique and creates understanding."

-- Jun Murai, PhD, Keio University and WIDE Project


"Ken Lunde's book is an essential reference for everyone developing or
adapting software for handling Japanese text. It is a goldmine of
useful and relevant information on fonts, encoding systems and
standards."

-- Professor Jim Breen, Faculty of Computing & IT, Monash University,
   Australia


"Creating multilingual software is a challenge in the growing global
marketplace, and the task is especially daunting with Japanese--one of
the world's most difficult languages. 'Understanding Japanese
Information Processing' is *the* resource for developers building the
bridge between Japanese and Western languages."

-- Henry McGilton, Trilithon Software


"Adobe Systems understands the importance of providing our Japanese-
speaking customers with Japanese-capable software. The issues are
complex, but Ken Lunde is able to sort them out for the reader in
'Understanding Japanese Information Processing'. I expect this book
to have a great impact in the field of software internationalization
and localization."

-- Dr. John Warnock, CEO, Adobe Systems Incorporated


"As a professional kanji lexicographer, I find Ken Lunde's work a
treasure-house of information on the complexities of Japanese
character encoding and processing. I have never encountered a single
book, even in Japanese, that brings together such a wealth of detail
with such clarity and precision. Armed with this book as my guide, I
feel totally confident in undertaking a project of prodigious
complexity: the development of a comprehensive kanji database to serve
as a basis for dozens of dictionaries and learning aids."

-- Jack Halpern, Editor in Chief, "New Japanese-English Character
   Dictionary"; Editor in Chief, Kanji Dictionary Publishing Society


"Ken Lunde has not only brought together a wealth of vital information
between these covers, he has organized the complexities of Japanese
computing into a clear introduction and practical handbook.  'Understanding
Japanese Information Processing' is a treasure for computer system
designers concerned with multilingual software, as well as for
teachers and students pursuing computer tools to work with the
Japanese language."

-- Dr. Joseph Becker, Principal Scientist, XSoft/Xerox Corporation


"The wealth of information, its lucid arrangement including a
comprehensive index, and its clear and easy-to-understand language
will make this book an indispensible tool for a wide range of people:
for the student who is looking for Japanese word processing software,
teachware, or online dictionary; for Japanese specialists who want to
exchange Japanese documents via floppy disk, e-mail, and so on; and
for the programmer who needs to write a program related to the
Japanese language.  In short, for everyone who comes in touch with
written Japanese."

-- Wolfgang Hadamitzky, Coauthor, "Japanese Character Dictionary With
   Compound Lookup via Any Kanji"


"A programmer interested in writing a computer program which will
handle the Japanese language will find the book indispensable."

-- "Multilingual Computing"


"Ken Lunde's new book, 'Understanding Japanese Information
Processing', has become the bible of those using Japanese on the
Internet."

-- Frederik L. Schodt, Author, "America and the Four Japans: Friend,
   Foe, Model, Mirror"


"This is a must-have book for anyone developing software for the
Japanese market. Covering a complex and arcane subject thoroughly
while maintaining readability, it is also the clear choice as a core
text for any course on Japanese information processing."

-- Earl H. Kinmonth, Reader in Japanese Studies, Centre for Japanese
   Studies, University of Sheffield


"This is a heavily detailed reference book; you should expect your
copy to become dog-eared and splattered with coffee stains."

-- Dr. Jeffrey S. Haemer, President, Canary Software, Inc.


"Thank you for your wonderful book; it was my bible and inspiration
throughout the port of our large application, Tactician."

-- Bruce Leavitt, Director of Development, Tactician Corporation
