"Understanding Japanese Information Processing"
by Ken Lunde
Published by O'Reilly and Associates, Inc.

ISBN 1-56592-043-0

Publication date:  September 1993
Pages:             470
Price:             $29.95

About this Book:

There are many complex issues surrounding the use of the Japanese
language in computing. Unlike English, which has 26 letters in a
single alphabet, Japanese has thousands of characters in four
scripts. The issues around handling such an unwieldy collection
of data are formidable and complex. Up to now, researching and
understanding the relevant issues has been a difficult, if not
unattainable task, especially to a person who doesn't read or
speak Japanese.

"Understanding Japanese Information Processing" is a book that
provides detailed information on all aspects of handling Japanese
text on computer systems. It brings all of the relevant
information together in a single book. It covers everything from the
origins of modern-day Japanese to the latest information on specific
emerging computer encoding standards.

Here is a sampling of the topics covered:

- The Japanese writing system
- Japanese character set standards
- Japanese encoding methods
- Japanese input
- Japanese output
- Japanese code conversion techniques
- Japanese code and text processing tools
- Japanese e-mail

In addition, there are 15 appendixes which provide additional
reference material, such as a code conversion table, character set
tables, mapping tables, an extensive list of software sources, a
glossary, and much more.

Ken Lunde is the Project Manager for Japanese Font Production at Adobe
Systems, Inc., a leading manufacturer of computer-based font
technologies. The author also created and maintains an on-line
document entitled JAPAN.INF, which has become an invaluable resource
for people trying to understand the issues involved in dealing with
Japanese text. The book expands on the topics covered in JAPAN.INF,
and contains a rich complement of figures, tables, and lists
unavailable in the on-line document.

Both O'Reilly & Associates and the author are excited about the
publication of this book because it fills a large void for
information about the Japanese language for English-language readers.
This book is able to both describe the Japanese language
generally and cover very detailed specifics about implementing the
language on computers. Even a person with only a casual
interest in languages will find the book engaging. A programmer
interested in writing a computer program which will handle the
Japanese language will find the book indispensable.

For more information on this book, contact:

O'Reilly & Associates, Inc.
103 Morris Street, Suite A, Sebastopol, CA 95472 USA
(800) 998-9938    (707) 829-0515    Fax: (707) 829-0104
UUCP:	uunet!ora!nuts      Internet:   nuts@ora.com
